feat: use noble libs for cryptography (#2273)
XRPLF/xrpl.js: packages/isomorphic/README.md

> # @xrplf/isomorphic

Reviewer: Is there a reason there isn't an `index.ts` to import all of the functions if you're not worried about tree-shaking and you just want something easy to use?

Reviewer 2: We want to encourage using entry points. Many projects do this already. This also prevents future contributors from accidentally importing the whole thing.

A collection of isomorphic implementations of crypto and utility functions.

> Browser implementations of cryptographic functions use `@noble/hashes` and `crypto` for node .

Reviewer: Why not just use `@noble/hashes` for everything? Is `crypto` a native node package?

Reviewer 2: Yes `crypto` is native node package.

### Hashes

All hash functions operate similarly to `@noble/hashes` and have the following properties:

- They can be called directly by providing a Uint8Array or string which will be converted into a UInt8Array via UTF-8 encoding (not hex).
- They all return a UInt8Array.

```
function hash(message: Uint8Array | string): Uint8Array;
hash(new Uint8Array([1, 3]));
hash('string') == hash(new TextEncoder().encode('string'));
```

All hash functions can be constructed via `hash.create()` method:

- The result is `Hash` subclass instance, which has `update()` and `digest()` methods.

> - `digest()` finalizes the hash and makes it no longer usable

Reviewer 3: What does this make no longer usable? (The `Hash` subclass?) - Why is it no longer usable?

Reviewer 2: I think that once you call digest you cant call update again?

# @xrplf/isomorphic

A collection of isomorphic implementations of crypto and utility functions.

Browser implementations of cryptographic functions use `@noble/hashes` and `crypto` for node .

### Hashes

> All hash functions (similar to `@noble/hashes`):
> 
> - can be called directly, with Uint8Array.
> - return Uint8Array
> - can receive string, which is automatically converted to Uint8Array via utf8 encoding (not hex)

Reviewer 3: Rewording to be more sentence like

```suggestion
All hash functions operate similarly to `@noble/hashes` and have the following properties:

- They can be called directly by providing a Uint8Array or string which will be converted into a UInt8Array via UTF-8 encoding (not hex).
- They all return a UInt8Array.
```

```
function hash(message: Uint8Array | string): Uint8Array;
hash(new Uint8Array([1, 3]));
hash('string') == hash(new TextEncoder().encode('string'));
```

All hash functions can be constructed via `hash.create()` method:

> - the result is `Hash` subclass instance, which has `update()` and `digest()` methods

Reviewer 3: I'd recommend capitalizing every bullet and making them complete sentences for the README.md
```suggestion
- The result is `Hash` subclass instance, which has `update()` and `digest()` methods.
```

- `digest()` finalizes the hash and makes it no longer usable

```typescript
hash
  .create()
  .update(new Uint8Array([1, 3]))
  .digest();
```

### `@xrplf/isomorphic/ripemd160`
```typescript
import { ripemd160 } from '@xrplf/isomorphic/ripemd160';
const hash8 = ripemd160('abc');

> const hash9 = ripemd160()

Author: Also, the `hash9` line is calling create() on the return of ripemd160() (a Uint8Array) ?

  .create()
  .update(Uint8Array.from([1, 2, 3]))
  .digest();
```

### `@xrplf/isomorphic/sha256`

```typescript
import { sha256 } from '@xrplf/isomorphic/sha256';
const h1a = sha256('abc');
const h1b = sha256
  .create()
  .update(Uint8Array.from([1, 2, 3]))
  .digest();
```

### `@xrplf/isomorphic/sha512`

```typescript
import { sha512 } from '@xrplf/isomorphic/sha512';
const h2a = sha512('abc');
const h2b = sha512
  .create()
  .update(Uint8Array.from([1, 2, 3]))
  .digest();
```

## Utilities

### `@xrplf/isomorphic/utils`

#### randomBytes

Create an UInt8Array of the supplied size

```typescript
import { randomBytes } from @xrplf/isomorphic/utils

console.log(randomBytes(12)) // Uint8Array(12) [95, 236, 188,  55, 208, 128, 161, 249, 171, 57, 141, 7]
```

#### bytesToHex

Convert an UInt8Array to hex.

```typescript
import { bytesToHex } from @xrplf/isomorphic/utils

console.log(bytesToHex([222, 173, 190, 239])) // "DEADBEEF"
```

#### hexToBytes

Convert hex to an UInt8Array.

```typescript
import { hexToBytes } from @xrplf/isomorphic/utils

console.log(hexToBytes('DEADBEEF')) // [222, 173, 190, 239]
```

### `@xrplf/isomorphic/ws`

> // TODO: Websocket Wrapper and `ws`

Reviewer 3: Bump - Should this be resolved before the PR is merged?

Reviewer 2: I have a branch ready for this change once this PR gets merged.  It does not need to be resolved until later.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/XRPLF/xrpl.js/tree/feature/ws-iso-2
